The Render Engine is a cross-browser, open source game engine written entirely in JavaScript. Designed from the
ground up to be extremely flexible, it boasts an extensive API and uses the newest features of today's modern browsers.
The Render Engine is a framework which is intended to aid in developing your game idea by providing the foundation
and tools to speed up the process of going from idea to finished product.

The Render Engine supports:
   * Chrome 9+
   * Firefox 1.5+
   * Internet Explorer 9.0+
   * Opera 9.5+
   * Safari 3.0+

For older versions of Internet Explorer, grab ChromeFrame... You'll be happy you did.
http://code.google.com/chrome/chromeframe/

Why don't you support IE8, IE7...?
----------------------------------
Most people say "there are no stupid questions," but in this case, there is.  Internet Explorer has never been a
standards based browser. Up until IE9, Microsoft didn't care about following - they only wanted to lead. Due to their
lackluster support for standards, they were late adopters of the things that make gaming possible in a browser. Additionally,
their JavaScript engine was implemented as a plug-in to the browser and linked via a COM bridge.  This made the engine
especially slow when compared to the other browsers. IE9 is the first browser, from Microsoft, which follows the
standards closely enough that I would endorse it.  On Windows there just isn't anything much better than a
browser optimized for Windows - and IE9 (and going forward, hopefully) is just that. Perpetuating the use of
older technologies by supporting them is a disservice to web developers around the world. Forcing users to either
upgrade, or find somewhere else to "get their fix", will eventually benefit everyone.

Tutorials & Demos
-----------------
The included tutorials and demos are provided to help you understand the framework and how everything works together.
Each tutorial is intended to either build upon a previous tutorial, or provide an introduction to an engine feature.
The demos are meant to be more complete examples of different concepts working together to form a game.


(c)2008-2011 Brett Fattori (bfattori@gmail.com)
MIT Licensed